WE SEE FOUR GIRLS, EACH WEARING A DIFFERENT COLOUR, RUNNING TOWARDS THE ENTRANCE TO A CARNIVAL. THE WORDS « TAKE YOUR CHANCE » APPEAR ABOVE THE ENTRANCE.
CUT TO A CLOSEUP OF THE GIRLS WATCHING A CLAW MACHINE GRAB A BOTTLE OF CHANCE PERFUME. PAN OUT TO SEE THE GIRLS CHEERING AS THE CLAW MACHINE LIFTS THE BOTTLE.
CUT TO THE GIRLS DANCING AS GIRL IN GREEN HOLDS THE BOTTLE OF PERFUME.
CUT TO A CLOSEUP OF THE GIRLS HOLDING DARTS. THE GIRLS IN GREEN AND PINK BLOW ON THE DARTS BEFORE THE CAMERA PANS OUT TO SHOW THE GIRLS IN YELLOW AND ORANGE BLOW ON THE DARTS.
CUT TO THE GIRL IN YELLOW THROWING HER DART AT A FEW FLOATING YELLOW BALLOONS. SHE HITS ONE OF THE BALLOONS AND IT BURSTS TO YELLOW DROPLETS OF THE FRAGRANCE.
CUT TO THE GIRL IN ORANGE LIFTING A LARGE MALLET. SHE HITS A STRENGTH TESTER GAME WHICH LIGHTS UP A LARGE BOTTLE OF THE PERFUME. THE TOP OF THE PERFUME BURSTS OPEN AS DROPLETS OF THE FRAGRANCE POUR DOWN ON THE GIRLS BELOW. CUT TO THE GIRLS CHEERING AS THE DROPLETS SHOWER DOWN ON THEM.
CUT TO THE FOUR GIRLS RIDING A CAROUSEL. CUT TO A CLOSEUP OF THE PERFUME BOTTLE SPINNING IN THE AIR AS THE GIRL IN PINK ATTEMPTS TO CATCH IT. THE GIRL IN PINK CATCHES THE BOTTLE.
CUT TO THE FOUR GIRLS EACH DANCING WITH THEIR BOTTLES OF PERFUME IN FRONT OF THE CARNIVAL.
CUT TO THE FOUR GIRLS SHOWN IN A RECTANGULAR FRAME LIT UP, EACH HOLDING THEIR BOTTLES OF FRAGRANCE.
FINAL SHOT IS A BOTTLE OF CHANCE EAU TENDRE PERFUME.